and trip trip Dixon hello guys and
welcome to my channel in this video I'm
going to share my sticks and tricks of
sounding more like American I came to
the state in 2013 with a Russian /
British accent and a son is so weird and
so foreign to Americans who are here and
I realized I needed to work on my accent
and on my speech to be more like a
natural American person so in this video
I'm going to share exactly what I've
done and things that I've used and if
you're interested please continue
watching this video my first advice
would be to listen and try to mimic
everything you hear in American any
phrase any action that you like from
your favorite actor but there are also
some small things that you need to
notice first in order to start
practicing them in your speech the first
thing that is really helpful is
understanding the words that Americans
using when they're thinking of something
when they're trying to find the right
word for the phrase and these words I
like an empty lightly OH
like okay no oh my gosh so for example
when somebody asks me what I do and I'm
not really sure how to describe I say I
am ah like an entrepreneur and I ran
Lone Star and it's like a booking
platform for study abroad experiences so
I am using like instead of pauses to
think of the next word and I know it's
really helpful because sometimes I hear
people using just some random noises
which make their speech so weird
so every American would use like but
also when I first came to the English
speaking environment I was 14 and I
realized people are using like and this
was Great Britain I started inserting
like after every single word which is
not the best Cape the best case is when
you just keep silence but for some
little time so for example I am an
entrepreneur and I'm running my startup
so these bosses are okay if you're at
level if you see I'm using the positive
if your level is intermediate you can
definitely use like because it's easier
then you don't have to control your
poses as well but when you're gradually
moving to advanced and upper
intermediate start using both instead of
those likened words the second thing is
how Americans greet each other so at
school were told to say good morning
good evening good afternoon here you
would only hear this phrases if you're
entering an office or you're entering a
restaurant or a shop and the person
who's reading this way so this is pretty
formal if you're making friends with
Americans and you see them for tense
time you're going to say what's up bro
was going on oh my god what's up bro my
brah sup bro take a swing right here
bruh what you going to be happy and
you're going to exaggerate your
happiness a little because that's what
America is about s you like exaggerating
things and you want to be like them if
you want to sound more like American so
when you see a friend you'll be like
what's up bro and oh if you should be
creating a guy for your grinning girl
you will be just like oh my god how are
you doing so good to see you you know me
something like that
and the way to answer this is not go
into details about your personal life
and about things that have happened to
you in the past few days the best answer
here is like I'm good what about you
what have you been up to so just ask the
same question and there's no need to you
know start a five-minute speech about
what happened in your life the third
thing that Americans really like is a
phrase oh my god Oh like when something
amazing happens
you reaiize this way oh my god oh really
so you're like so excited for that
person and also oh my god is also used
when something is really funny for
example I have this on my onto my cousin
who lives here in San Francisco she
moved to the state's when she was 80
years old so she's pretty fluent in
English and when I send her a funny
video of her dog she would get back to
me and say oMG lol so oh my god nothing
else loud which means so funny Sonia is
texting someone you can always use the
contraction oMG and said oh my god and
you can use lol I think lol is free to
comment right I think you're proud of it
the fourth thing
is another way to express your
astonishment about somebody's
accomplishment or annex travel or
whatever it's very example when I say
hey I'm going to spend four weeks in
Europe in September the person would ask
me like really seriously as if I was
lying as if I'm lying all the time but
this is what they do they just ask you
again they want you to reconfirm that
you're actually traveling to Europe so
they say really and you would be like
yeah you can imagine that can you
imagine that four weeks in Italy and
like traveling to Spain blah blah so
using this really and seriously would
really encourage another person to tell
you more about what they're bragging
about another thing I've noticed in
America is that it's really common to
name to cold people your friends even if
you've seen them like a couple of times
at a party and so if you've gone to the
second party and you're going together
then you're friends and you've been
going out for like two weeks we've been
to the cinema we've been to a restaurant
you will be like best friends so very
set in version there is a word like up
words I'm using like all the time oh my
gosh I need to get back to my poses
disclaimer here guys everything I'm
saying is about talking to your friends
and talking to your colleagues and
classmates but not to the admissions
committee at a university not to your
professor no to your manager like don't
do that
another thing that I've noticed in
America is that their intonation go up
all the time so as we've already
discussed like seriously really
so the intonation goes like that and for
example if somebody calls me up and says
hey do you want to go to this party
tonight so it goes all the way up and
then you answer I don't know maybe
tomorrow so I don't know maybe tomorrow
again goes up so going up is I feel
though this is I don't know it's
American California way to say that if I
have any more Americans watching please
let me know this is a California thing
but this is something I'm hearing a lot
in San Francisco another cool thing so
you know the words when something
happens that you are so really really
upset about so for example we go for
walk with my dog and he starts to make
his dirty things in front of a
restaurant and I'm like oh I'm so
sorry and I'm sorry like taking his boot
away
I've noticed that Americans started
saying shoot so if you don't want to say
the word in public you would go oh
shoot oh my god what are you doing here
in front of Red John oh my god don't do
that
so saying shoot instead of is
something that is also American another
phrase that all of my friends here say
no way no way no way no what no way and
this can be used in several
circumstances again if I'm saying I got
promoted or my company is getting
acquired you say no way this is amazing
or for example if you are late for your
flight and your flight took off and you
come to the departure screen and you say
that you see that it took off you would
be like no way no way first it's like I
don't know what to do next this is oh my
god this is the worst thing ever and
this is what Americans do again
exaggerate everything if they like
something you're going to say this is
the best thing ever like this is the
best possible tried and they say it
every week like every week savez pasta
or he's my best friend or oh my god
missing the flight was the worst thing
that ever happened in my life so
exaggerate exaggerate exaggerate and be
emotional be loud be laughing be smiling
so this is the American way to do it and
I think one of the last things is that
Americans say oh man
[Music]
and this would be the situation when I
go so continue walking my dog and we
pass another great restaurant really
expensive with people wearing dresses
and he starts being on a carpet at the
front door and here I'm not really angry
I'm just confused because it's happening
for the second time during just one
evening and if you're like oh man can
you just stop doing this what is
happening and this man I mean you do
something you're thrown to make it sound
like accessway oh man yeah I think that
was it I think there were the first
things things that came to my mind if
you enjoyed this video I'm happy to
through a lot more please let me know in
the comments if you liked it and guys
the best way to practice all of that is
not well talking to yourself is a great
way but also the best way is to travel
to a country where the language is
spoken because when you're going to
practice this in your classroom with
people who speak the same languages you
with the teacher who speaks the same
language with you then it's going to be
so weird
like imagine one day you come to the
class up to your English language class
and you decide to speak like an American
oh my god they're going to give you so
funny looks this would only get weirder
if you stay in your country and if you
come to the state it's not it's going to
be weird just in your head and then you
would realize that people do not
consider your weird they just consider
your up better English language speaker
so you can just try and try and try and
be an actor be a singer be somebody who
copies everyone this is the only way to
practice it and you know where to book
all of those experiences language or
calm are set up the link will be below
thank you so much for watching this
video if the button the subscribe button
after below this video is still red oh
my god you need to clear it right away
and yeah my last thing really important
when you say goodbye you always wish a
good one and one here is stands for a
day or for aiming for morning so for
example I'm saying have a good one which
means have a good day and I'll see you
next video this one for say so yeah this
is it Alton these videos have a good one
you
[Music]